docs/user/motors/liquidmotor.rst, before:

LiquidMotor Class Usage
=======================

Here we explore different features of the LiquidMotor class. 

Creating a Liquid Motor
-----------------------

To define a liquid motor, we will need a few information about our motor:

- The thrust source file, which is a file containing the thrust curve of the 
  motor. This file can be a .eng file, a .rse file, or a .csv file. See more 
  details in :doc:`Thrust Source Details </user/motors/thrust>`
- Tank objects, which will define propellant tanks. See more details in 
  :doc:`Tank Usage</user/motors/tanks>`
- Position related parameters, such as the position of the center of mass of the
  dry mass, the position of the center of mass of the grains, and the position 
  of the nozzle. See more details in 
  :ref:`Motor Coordinate Systems <motorcsys>`

Let's first import the necessary modules:

.. jupyter-execute::

  from math import exp
  from rocketpy import Fluid, LiquidMotor, CylindricalTank, MassFlowRateBasedTank

Then we must first define the tanks:

.. seealso::
  :doc:`Tank Usage </user/motors/tanks>`


.. jupyter-execute::

  # Define fluids
  oxidizer_liq = Fluid(name="N2O_l", density=1220)
  oxidizer_gas = Fluid(name="N2O_g", density=1.9277)
  fuel_liq = Fluid(name="ethanol_l", density=789)
  fuel_gas = Fluid(name="ethanol_g", density=1.59)

  # Define tanks geometry
  tanks_shape = CylindricalTank(radius = 0.1, height = 1.2, spherical_caps = True)

  # Define tanks
  oxidizer_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="oxidizer tank",
      geometry=tanks_shape,
      flux_time=5,
      initial_liquid_mass=32,
      initial_gas_mass=0.01,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 32 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out=0,
      liquid=oxidizer_liq,
      gas=oxidizer_gas,
  )

  fuel_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="fuel tank",
      geometry=tanks_shape,
      flux_time=5,
      initial_liquid_mass=21,
      initial_gas_mass=0.01,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 21 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 0.01 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      liquid=fuel_liq,
      gas=fuel_gas,
  )

.. note::
  Here we define two tanks, one for the oxidizer and one for the fuel. We use
  the :ref:`MassFlowRateBasedTank <mass_flow_rate_based_tank>`,
  which means that the mass flow rates of the liquid and gas are defined by the
  user. 
  
  In this case, we are using a lambda functions to define the mass flow rates,
  but .csv files can also be used. See more details in 
  :class:`rocketpy.motors.Tank.MassFlowRateBasedTank.__init__`

Now we can define our liquid motor and add the tanks. We are using a lambda function as the thrust
curve, but keep in mind that you can use 
:doc:`different formats </user/motors/thrust>` here. 

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid = LiquidMotor(
      thrust_source=lambda t: 4000 - 100 * t**2,
      dry_mass=2,
      dry_inertia=(0.125, 0.125, 0.002),
      nozzle_radius=0.075,
      center_of_dry_mass_position=1.75,
      nozzle_position=0,
      burn_time=5,
      coordinate_system_orientation="nozzle_to_combustion_chamber",
  )
  example_liquid.add_tank(tank=oxidizer_tank, position=1.0)
  example_liquid.add_tank(tank=fuel_tank, position=2.5)


.. caution::
    Pay special attention to:

    - ``dry_inertia`` is defined as a tuple of the form ``(I11, I22, I33)``.
      Where ``I11`` and ``I22`` are the inertia of the dry mass around the
      perpendicular axes to the motor, and ``I33`` is the inertia around the
      motor center axis. 
    - ``dry inertia`` is defined in relation to the **center of dry mass**, and 
      not in relation to the coordinate system origin.
    - ``center_of_dry_mass_position``, ``nozzle_position`` and the tanks
      ``position`` are defined in relation to the 
      :ref:`coordinate system origin <motorcsys>`, which is the nozzle outlet in
      this case.
    - Both ``dry_mass`` **and** ``center_of_dry_mass_position`` must consider
      the mass of the tanks.

.. seealso:: 
    
    You can find details on each of the initialization parameters in 
    :class:`rocketpy.LiquidMotor.__init__`

    And you can find details on adding tanks in :ref:`Adding Tanks`

After defining the motor, we can plot basic attributes using the ``info()``
method.

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.info()

Other plots can also be done, in order to check if the motor is behaving as expected.
For example:

- Propellant mass
- Mass flow rate
- Motor center of mass
- Inertial moment
- Exhaust velocity

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.propellant_mass.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.mass_flow_rate.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.center_of_mass.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.I_11.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.exhaust_velocity.plot(0, 5)

Alternatively, you can plot all the information at once:

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.all_info()

Commit message:

ENH: add animations for motor propellant mass and tank fluid volumes (#894)
* ENH: add animations for motor propellant mass and tank fluid volumes

* DOC: update changelog for animation enhancement

* TST:add test_show_or_save_animation_unsupported_format and solve some problems

* TST:add tests for the methods animate_propellant_mass and animate_fluid_volume and solve linters issues

* DOC:update documentation docs/user/motors/liquidmotor.rst and docs/user/motors/tanks.rst

* fix hangelog

* fix changelog

---------

Co-authored-by: Gui-FernandesBR <63590233+Gui-FernandesBR@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/user/motors/liquidmotor.rst, after:

LiquidMotor Class Usage
=======================

Here we explore different features of the LiquidMotor class. 

Creating a Liquid Motor
-----------------------

To define a liquid motor, we will need a few information about our motor:

- The thrust source file, which is a file containing the thrust curve of the 
  motor. This file can be a .eng file, a .rse file, or a .csv file. See more 
  details in :doc:`Thrust Source Details </user/motors/thrust>`
- Tank objects, which will define propellant tanks. See more details in 
  :doc:`Tank Usage</user/motors/tanks>`
- Position related parameters, such as the position of the center of mass of the
  dry mass, the position of the center of mass of the grains, and the position 
  of the nozzle. See more details in 
  :ref:`Motor Coordinate Systems <motorcsys>`

Let's first import the necessary modules:

.. jupyter-execute::

  from math import exp
  from rocketpy import Fluid, LiquidMotor, CylindricalTank, MassFlowRateBasedTank

Then we must first define the tanks:

.. seealso::
  :doc:`Tank Usage </user/motors/tanks>`


.. jupyter-execute::

  # Define fluids
  oxidizer_liq = Fluid(name="N2O_l", density=1220)
  oxidizer_gas = Fluid(name="N2O_g", density=1.9277)
  fuel_liq = Fluid(name="ethanol_l", density=789)
  fuel_gas = Fluid(name="ethanol_g", density=1.59)

  # Define tanks geometry
  tanks_shape = CylindricalTank(radius = 0.1, height = 1.2, spherical_caps = True)

  # Define tanks
  oxidizer_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="oxidizer tank",
      geometry=tanks_shape,
      flux_time=5,
      initial_liquid_mass=32,
      initial_gas_mass=0.01,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 32 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out=0,
      liquid=oxidizer_liq,
      gas=oxidizer_gas,
  )

  fuel_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="fuel tank",
      geometry=tanks_shape,
      flux_time=5,
      initial_liquid_mass=21,
      initial_gas_mass=0.01,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 21 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out=lambda t: 0.01 / 3 * exp(-0.25 * t),
      liquid=fuel_liq,
      gas=fuel_gas,
  )

.. note::
  Here we define two tanks, one for the oxidizer and one for the fuel. We use
  the :ref:`MassFlowRateBasedTank <mass_flow_rate_based_tank>`,
  which means that the mass flow rates of the liquid and gas are defined by the
  user. 
  
  In this case, we are using a lambda functions to define the mass flow rates,
  but .csv files can also be used. See more details in 
  :class:`rocketpy.motors.Tank.MassFlowRateBasedTank.__init__`

Now we can define our liquid motor and add the tanks. We are using a lambda function as the thrust
curve, but keep in mind that you can use 
:doc:`different formats </user/motors/thrust>` here. 

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid = LiquidMotor(
      thrust_source=lambda t: 4000 - 100 * t**2,
      dry_mass=2,
      dry_inertia=(0.125, 0.125, 0.002),
      nozzle_radius=0.075,
      center_of_dry_mass_position=1.75,
      nozzle_position=0,
      burn_time=5,
      coordinate_system_orientation="nozzle_to_combustion_chamber",
  )
  example_liquid.add_tank(tank=oxidizer_tank, position=1.0)
  example_liquid.add_tank(tank=fuel_tank, position=2.5)


.. caution::
    Pay special attention to:

    - ``dry_inertia`` is defined as a tuple of the form ``(I11, I22, I33)``.
      Where ``I11`` and ``I22`` are the inertia of the dry mass around the
      perpendicular axes to the motor, and ``I33`` is the inertia around the
      motor center axis. 
    - ``dry inertia`` is defined in relation to the **center of dry mass**, and 
      not in relation to the coordinate system origin.
    - ``center_of_dry_mass_position``, ``nozzle_position`` and the tanks
      ``position`` are defined in relation to the 
      :ref:`coordinate system origin <motorcsys>`, which is the nozzle outlet in
      this case.
    - Both ``dry_mass`` **and** ``center_of_dry_mass_position`` must consider
      the mass of the tanks.

.. seealso:: 
    
    You can find details on each of the initialization parameters in 
    :class:`rocketpy.LiquidMotor.__init__`

    And you can find details on adding tanks in :ref:`Adding Tanks`

After defining the motor, we can plot basic attributes using the ``info()``
method.

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.info()

Other plots can also be done, in order to check if the motor is behaving as expected.
For example:

- Propellant mass
- Mass flow rate
- Motor center of mass
- Inertial moment
- Exhaust velocity

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.propellant_mass.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.mass_flow_rate.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.center_of_mass.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.I_11.plot(0, 5)

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.exhaust_velocity.plot(0, 5)

The tanks added to a ``LiquidMotor`` can now be animated to visualize
how the liquid and gas volumes evolve during the burn.

To animate the tanks, we can use the ``animate_fluid_volume()`` method:

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.animate_fluid_volume(fps=30)

Optionally, the animation can be saved to a GIF file:

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.animate_fluid_volume(fps=30, save_as="liquid_motor.gif")

Alternatively, you can plot all the information at once:

.. jupyter-execute::

  example_liquid.all_info()
