docs/user/motors/tanks.rst, before:

.. import modules in order to use them in the documentation
.. jupyter-execute::
  :hide-code:
  :hide-output:

  from rocketpy import (
      MassFlowRateBasedTank,
      UllageBasedTank,
      LevelBasedTank,
      MassBasedTank,
      Fluid,
      CylindricalTank,
      SphericalTank,
      TankGeometry,
      Function
  )

.. _tanks_usage:

Tanks Usage
===========

Tanks can be added to Hybrids and Liquids motors so that the propellant's time
varying properties can be properly calculated. To do this the tank must be first
separately defined.

A few different types of tanks are available. These are simply different ways of
defining a the propellant flow given different information.
The different types of tanks are:

- ``class MassFlowRateBasedTank``: flow is described by mass flow rate. See
  `Mass Flow Rate Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class MassBasedTank``: flow is described by liquid and gas masses. See
  `Mass Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class LevelBasedTank``: flow is described by liquid level. See
  `Level Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class UllageBasedTank``: flow is described by ullage. See
  `Ullage Based Tank`_ for more information.

To summarize, the ``UllageBasedTank`` and ``LevelBasedTank`` are less accurate 
than the ``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` and ``MassBasedTank``, since they assume 
uniform gas distribution filling all the portion that is not occupied by liquid.
Therefore, these tanks can only model the tank state until the liquid runs out.

Tanks also must receive a ``TankGeometry`` object which describes the tank's
geometry. This object is defined in the `Tank Geometry`_ section.

Finally, tanks must be given a ``Fluid`` object which describes the propellant
in the tank. This object is defined in the `Fluid`_ section.

.. seealso::
  Tanks are added to motors using the ``add_tank`` method of the motor. You can
  find more information about this method in the 
  :ref:`Adding Tanks <Adding Tanks>` section.

.. attention::
  As always with rocketpy, the units of the density are in accordance with the
  International System of Units (SI).

.. _fluid:

Fluid
------

Fluid are a very simple class which describes the properties of a fluid. They
are used to define the propellant in a tank. A Fluid is defined by its name and 
density as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  liquid_N2O = Fluid(name="Liquid Nitrous Oxide", density=855)
  vapour_N2O = Fluid(name="Vapour Nitrous Oxide", density=101)

Fluid are then passed to tanks when they are defined.

.. note::
  
  One may define the fluid density as a function of temperature (K) and 
  pressure (Pa). The data can be imported from an external source, such as
  a dataset or external libraries. 
  In this case, the fluid would be defined as such:

  >>> Fluid(name="N2O", density=lambda t, p: 44 * p / (8.314 * t))
  >>> from CoolProp.CoolProp import PropsSI # external library
  >>> Fluid(name="N2O", density=lambda t, p: PropsSI('D', 'T', t, 'P', p, 'N2O'))

  In fact, the density parameter can be any ``Function`` source, such as a
  ``callable``, csv file or an array of points. See more on 
  :class:`rocketpy.Function`.

Tank Geometry
-------------

When defining a tank, its geometry must be specified. The geometry can be defined
in two ways:

- Using the predefined ``CylindricalTank`` and ``SphericalTank`` classes.
- Using the ``TankGeometry`` class to input a custom geometry.

Cylindrical and Spherical Tanks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The predefined ``CylindricalTank`` class is easy to use and is defined as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  cylindrical_geometry = CylindricalTank(radius=0.1, height=2.0, spherical_caps=False)

.. note::
  The ``spherical_caps`` parameter is optional and defaults to ``False``. If set
  to ``True``, the tank will have spherical caps at the top and bottom with the
  same radius as the cylindrical part. If set to ``False``, the tank will
  be defined as a cylinder with flat caps.

The predefined ``SphericalTank`` is defined with:

.. jupyter-execute::

    spherical_geometry = SphericalTank(radius=0.1)

.. seealso::
  :class:`rocketpy.CylindricalTank` and :class:`rocketpy.SphericalTank`
  for more information on these parameters.

Custom Tank Geometry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``TankGeometry`` class can be used to define a custom geometry by passing 
the ``geometry_dict`` parameter, which is a dictionary with its *keys* as tuples 
containing the lower and upper bound of the tank, while the *values* correspond
to the radius function of that section of the tank.

To exemplify, lets define a cylindrical tank with the same dimensions as the
``CylindricalTank`` example above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  custom_geometry = TankGeometry(
      geometry_dict={
          (-1, 1): lambda x: 0.1,
      }
  )

This defines a cylindrical tank with a 2 m lengths (from -1 m to 1 m) and a 
constant radius of 0.1 m.

.. note::
  The center of coordinate is always at the exact geometrical center of the tank.

We can also define a tank with a parabolic cross-section by using a 
variable radius, for example:

.. jupyter-execute::

  custom_geometry = TankGeometry(
      geometry_dict={
          (-1, 1): lambda x: 0.1*x**2,
      }
  )

.. _mass_flow_rate_based_tank:

Mass Flow Rate Based Tank
-------------------------

A ``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` has its flow described by the variation of liquid 
and gas masses through time and is defined as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_flow_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="MassFlowRateBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      initial_liquid_mass=42.8,
      initial_gas_mass=0.1,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out="../data/motors/liquid_motor_example/liquid_mass_flow_out.csv",
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out="../data/motors/liquid_motor_example/gas_mass_flow_out.csv",
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time``, ``liquid_mass_flow_rate_in``,
  ``liquid_mass_flow_rate_out``, ``gas_mass_flow_rate_in`` and
  ``gas_mass_flow_rate_out`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.MassFlowRateBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some useful plots with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_flow_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_flow_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_flow_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_flow_tank.center_of_mass.plot()

Mass Based Tank
---------------

A ``MassBasedTank`` has its flow described by the variation of liquid and gas
masses through time. To define it, lets get the liquid and gas masses from the
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  gas_mass = N2O_flow_tank.gas_mass
  liquid_mass = N2O_flow_tank.liquid_mass

Then we can define the ``MassBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_mass_tank = MassBasedTank(
      name = "MassBasedTank",
      geometry = cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time = 24.750,
      gas = vapour_N2O,
      liquid = liquid_N2O,
      gas_mass = gas_mass,
      liquid_mass = liquid_mass,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time``, ``gas_mass`` and ``liquid_mass``
  parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.MassBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_mass_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_mass_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_mass_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_mass_tank.center_of_mass.plot()


Ullage Based Tank
-----------------

An ``UllageBasedTank`` has its flow described by the ullage volume, i.e.,
the volume of the tank that is not occupied by the liquid. It assumes that
the ullage volume is uniformly filled by the gas.

To define it, lets first calculate the ullage volume by using the 
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  tank_volume = cylindrical_geometry.total_volume
  ullage = (-1 * N2O_flow_tank.liquid_volume) + tank_volume

Then we can define the ``UllageBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_ullage_tank = UllageBasedTank(
      name="UllageBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      ullage=ullage,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time`` and ``ullage`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.UllageBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_ullage_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_ullage_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_ullage_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::
  
  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_ullage_tank.center_of_mass.plot()


Level Based Tank
----------------

A ``LevelBasedTank`` has its flow described by liquid level, i.e.,
the height of the liquid inside the tank. It assumes that the volume
above the liquid level is uniformly occupied by gas.

To define it, lets first calculate the liquid height by using the 
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  liquid_height = N2O_flow_tank.liquid_height

Then we can define the ``LevelBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N20_level_tank = LevelBasedTank(
      name="LevelBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      liquid_height=liquid_height,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time`` and ``liquid_height`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.LevelBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N20_level_tank.draw()

| 

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N20_level_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N20_level_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::
  
  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N20_level_tank.center_of_mass.plot()


Comparing Tanks
---------------

Now that we saw the different methods to calculate the mass flow rate, we can
compare the results all together.

.. jupyter-execute::

  tanks = [N2O_flow_tank, N2O_ullage_tank, N2O_mass_tank, N20_level_tank]

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Mass
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.fluid_mass, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Mass of Propellant in the Tank",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Mass (kg)",
  )

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Mass flow rate
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.net_mass_flow_rate, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Mass Flow Rate Comparison",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Mass Flow Rate (kg/s)",
  )

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Center of mass
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.center_of_mass, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Center of Mass Comparison",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Center of mass of Fluid (m)",
  )

Commit message:

ENH: add animations for motor propellant mass and tank fluid volumes (#894)
* ENH: add animations for motor propellant mass and tank fluid volumes

* DOC: update changelog for animation enhancement

* TST:add test_show_or_save_animation_unsupported_format and solve some problems

* TST:add tests for the methods animate_propellant_mass and animate_fluid_volume and solve linters issues

* DOC:update documentation docs/user/motors/liquidmotor.rst and docs/user/motors/tanks.rst

* fix hangelog

* fix changelog

---------

Co-authored-by: Gui-FernandesBR <63590233+Gui-FernandesBR@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/user/motors/tanks.rst, after:

.. import modules in order to use them in the documentation
.. jupyter-execute::
  :hide-code:
  :hide-output:

  from rocketpy import (
      MassFlowRateBasedTank,
      UllageBasedTank,
      LevelBasedTank,
      MassBasedTank,
      Fluid,
      CylindricalTank,
      SphericalTank,
      TankGeometry,
      Function
  )

.. _tanks_usage:

Tanks Usage
===========

Tanks can be added to Hybrids and Liquids motors so that the propellant's time
varying properties can be properly calculated. To do this the tank must be first
separately defined.

A few different types of tanks are available. These are simply different ways of
defining a the propellant flow given different information.
The different types of tanks are:

- ``class MassFlowRateBasedTank``: flow is described by mass flow rate. See
  `Mass Flow Rate Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class MassBasedTank``: flow is described by liquid and gas masses. See
  `Mass Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class LevelBasedTank``: flow is described by liquid level. See
  `Level Based Tank`_ for more information.
- ``class UllageBasedTank``: flow is described by ullage. See
  `Ullage Based Tank`_ for more information.

To summarize, the ``UllageBasedTank`` and ``LevelBasedTank`` are less accurate 
than the ``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` and ``MassBasedTank``, since they assume 
uniform gas distribution filling all the portion that is not occupied by liquid.
Therefore, these tanks can only model the tank state until the liquid runs out.

Tanks also must receive a ``TankGeometry`` object which describes the tank's
geometry. This object is defined in the `Tank Geometry`_ section.

Finally, tanks must be given a ``Fluid`` object which describes the propellant
in the tank. This object is defined in the `Fluid`_ section.

.. seealso::
  Tanks are added to motors using the ``add_tank`` method of the motor. You can
  find more information about this method in the 
  :ref:`Adding Tanks <Adding Tanks>` section.

.. attention::
  As always with rocketpy, the units of the density are in accordance with the
  International System of Units (SI).

.. _fluid:

Fluid
------

Fluid are a very simple class which describes the properties of a fluid. They
are used to define the propellant in a tank. A Fluid is defined by its name and 
density as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  liquid_N2O = Fluid(name="Liquid Nitrous Oxide", density=855)
  vapour_N2O = Fluid(name="Vapour Nitrous Oxide", density=101)

Fluid are then passed to tanks when they are defined.

.. note::
  
  One may define the fluid density as a function of temperature (K) and 
  pressure (Pa). The data can be imported from an external source, such as
  a dataset or external libraries. 
  In this case, the fluid would be defined as such:

  >>> Fluid(name="N2O", density=lambda t, p: 44 * p / (8.314 * t))
  >>> from CoolProp.CoolProp import PropsSI # external library
  >>> Fluid(name="N2O", density=lambda t, p: PropsSI('D', 'T', t, 'P', p, 'N2O'))

  In fact, the density parameter can be any ``Function`` source, such as a
  ``callable``, csv file or an array of points. See more on 
  :class:`rocketpy.Function`.

Tank Geometry
-------------

When defining a tank, its geometry must be specified. The geometry can be defined
in two ways:

- Using the predefined ``CylindricalTank`` and ``SphericalTank`` classes.
- Using the ``TankGeometry`` class to input a custom geometry.

Cylindrical and Spherical Tanks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The predefined ``CylindricalTank`` class is easy to use and is defined as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  cylindrical_geometry = CylindricalTank(radius=0.1, height=2.0, spherical_caps=False)

.. note::
  The ``spherical_caps`` parameter is optional and defaults to ``False``. If set
  to ``True``, the tank will have spherical caps at the top and bottom with the
  same radius as the cylindrical part. If set to ``False``, the tank will
  be defined as a cylinder with flat caps.

The predefined ``SphericalTank`` is defined with:

.. jupyter-execute::

    spherical_geometry = SphericalTank(radius=0.1)

.. seealso::
  :class:`rocketpy.CylindricalTank` and :class:`rocketpy.SphericalTank`
  for more information on these parameters.

Custom Tank Geometry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``TankGeometry`` class can be used to define a custom geometry by passing 
the ``geometry_dict`` parameter, which is a dictionary with its *keys* as tuples 
containing the lower and upper bound of the tank, while the *values* correspond
to the radius function of that section of the tank.

To exemplify, lets define a cylindrical tank with the same dimensions as the
``CylindricalTank`` example above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  custom_geometry = TankGeometry(
      geometry_dict={
          (-1, 1): lambda x: 0.1,
      }
  )

This defines a cylindrical tank with a 2 m lengths (from -1 m to 1 m) and a 
constant radius of 0.1 m.

.. note::
  The center of coordinate is always at the exact geometrical center of the tank.

We can also define a tank with a parabolic cross-section by using a 
variable radius, for example:

.. jupyter-execute::

  custom_geometry = TankGeometry(
      geometry_dict={
          (-1, 1): lambda x: 0.1*x**2,
      }
  )

.. _mass_flow_rate_based_tank:

Mass Flow Rate Based Tank
-------------------------

A ``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` has its flow described by the variation of liquid 
and gas masses through time and is defined as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_flow_tank = MassFlowRateBasedTank(
      name="MassFlowRateBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      initial_liquid_mass=42.8,
      initial_gas_mass=0.1,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      liquid_mass_flow_rate_out="../data/motors/liquid_motor_example/liquid_mass_flow_out.csv",
      gas_mass_flow_rate_in=0,
      gas_mass_flow_rate_out="../data/motors/liquid_motor_example/gas_mass_flow_out.csv",
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time``, ``liquid_mass_flow_rate_in``,
  ``liquid_mass_flow_rate_out``, ``gas_mass_flow_rate_in`` and
  ``gas_mass_flow_rate_out`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.MassFlowRateBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some useful plots with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_flow_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_flow_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_flow_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_flow_tank.center_of_mass.plot()

Mass Based Tank
---------------

A ``MassBasedTank`` has its flow described by the variation of liquid and gas
masses through time. To define it, lets get the liquid and gas masses from the
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  gas_mass = N2O_flow_tank.gas_mass
  liquid_mass = N2O_flow_tank.liquid_mass

Then we can define the ``MassBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_mass_tank = MassBasedTank(
      name = "MassBasedTank",
      geometry = cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time = 24.750,
      gas = vapour_N2O,
      liquid = liquid_N2O,
      gas_mass = gas_mass,
      liquid_mass = liquid_mass,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time``, ``gas_mass`` and ``liquid_mass``
  parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.MassBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_mass_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_mass_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_mass_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_mass_tank.center_of_mass.plot()

All tank types now include a built-in method for animating the evolution
of liquid and gas volumes over time. This visualization aids in understanding the dynamic behavior
of the tank's contents. To animate the tanks, we can use the 
``animate_fluid_volume()`` method:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_mass_tank.animate_fluid_volume(fps=30)

Optionally, the animation can be saved to a GIF file:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_mass_tank.animate_fluid_volume(fps=30, save_as="mass_based_tank.gif")


Ullage Based Tank
-----------------

An ``UllageBasedTank`` has its flow described by the ullage volume, i.e.,
the volume of the tank that is not occupied by the liquid. It assumes that
the ullage volume is uniformly filled by the gas.

To define it, lets first calculate the ullage volume by using the 
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  tank_volume = cylindrical_geometry.total_volume
  ullage = (-1 * N2O_flow_tank.liquid_volume) + tank_volume

Then we can define the ``UllageBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N2O_ullage_tank = UllageBasedTank(
      name="UllageBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      ullage=ullage,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time`` and ``ullage`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.UllageBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N2O_ullage_tank.draw()

|

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N2O_ullage_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N2O_ullage_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::
  
  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N2O_ullage_tank.center_of_mass.plot()


Level Based Tank
----------------

A ``LevelBasedTank`` has its flow described by liquid level, i.e.,
the height of the liquid inside the tank. It assumes that the volume
above the liquid level is uniformly occupied by gas.

To define it, lets first calculate the liquid height by using the 
``MassFlowRateBasedTank`` we defined above:

.. jupyter-execute::

  liquid_height = N2O_flow_tank.liquid_height

Then we can define the ``LevelBasedTank`` as such:

.. jupyter-execute::

  N20_level_tank = LevelBasedTank(
      name="LevelBasedTank",
      geometry=cylindrical_geometry,
      flux_time=24.750,
      liquid=liquid_N2O,
      gas=vapour_N2O,
      liquid_height=liquid_height,
      discretize=100,
  )

.. important::
  Pay special attention to the ``flux_time`` and ``liquid_height`` parameters.

  More details can be found in :class:`rocketpy.LevelBasedTank.__init__`.

We can see some outputs with:

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Draw the tank
  N20_level_tank.draw()

| 

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Evolution of the Propellant Mass and the Mass flow rate
  N20_level_tank.fluid_mass.plot()
  N20_level_tank.net_mass_flow_rate.plot()

.. jupyter-execute::
  
  # Evolution of the Propellant center of mass position
  N20_level_tank.center_of_mass.plot()


Comparing Tanks
---------------

Now that we saw the different methods to calculate the mass flow rate, we can
compare the results all together.

.. jupyter-execute::

  tanks = [N2O_flow_tank, N2O_ullage_tank, N2O_mass_tank, N20_level_tank]

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Mass
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.fluid_mass, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Mass of Propellant in the Tank",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Mass (kg)",
  )

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Mass flow rate
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.net_mass_flow_rate, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Mass Flow Rate Comparison",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Mass Flow Rate (kg/s)",
  )

.. jupyter-execute::

  # Center of mass
  Function.compare_plots(
      plot_list=[(tank.center_of_mass, tank.name) for tank in tanks],
      lower=0,
      upper=24.750,
      title="Center of Mass Comparison",
      xlabel="Time (s)",
      ylabel="Center of mass of Fluid (m)",
  )
